FOODIENEPAL WORKING PROJECT

PYCHARM / WINDOWS / PYTHON 3.14

1. Extract this folder.
2. Open it in PyCharm.
3. Set the Python interpreter to Python 3.14.
4. Open Terminal.
5. Run:
   python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
6. Run:
   python server.py
7. Open:
   http://127.0.0.1:5000

DEMO ACCOUNTS

Admin:
admin@foodienepal.com
admin123

Customer:
customer@foodienepal.com
customer123

Delivery:
delivery@foodienepal.com
delivery123

Restaurant Owner:
owner@foodienepal.com
owner123

The database is created automatically at:
instance\foodienepal.db

PAYMENT QR
Only eSewa and Khalti show the demo QR.
COD, IME Pay, Fonepay and Card do not show QR.
The QR codes are now REAL, scannable images (generated with the qrcode
library) encoding a demo payment reference — scan them with any QR
reader to see the payload. No real money moves; this is simulation mode.

Each restaurant's page also shows a "Scan to order" QR code that opens
that restaurant directly — handy for a printed table/menu QR in a real
restaurant setup.

NEW: ADMIN SECTION UPGRADES
- Admin > Reviews tab: see every customer review + photo across the platform.
- Admin > Messages tab: message any single restaurant owner, delivery
  partner, or customer directly. It lands in their notification bell
  AND on their dashboard under "Messages from Admin". You can also
  broadcast an announcement to an entire role (all restaurants, all
  delivery partners, all customers, or everyone).
- Admin > Activity tab: EVERY action on the platform (registrations,
  logins/logouts, orders placed, payments, delivery accepted, status
  changes, reviews, restaurant approvals, admin messages) is logged
  here in real time and also pushed to the admin notification bell.

NEW: FEEDBACK / REVIEWS
- Customers can now upload multiple photos per review (not just one).
- Reviews include separate Food quality and Delivery experience star
  ratings alongside the overall rating.
- All photos show as a clickable gallery on the restaurant page and in
  the admin Reviews tab.

The eSewa/Khalti payment screens are demo flows. Real payments require official merchant API credentials and webhook verification.
